happy right now because while
the intro was playing dude they just
showed me something new what we
were talking about behind the camera I'll
tell you later I'll tell you and
then I'll tell you and I'm going to show it to you
Good night family How are you doing
Well I hope you take the weekend
with a lot of strength but you know that here we do
n't stop working and today look How
is the contrast I have recorded a fake
live because it's going to be a fake live
okay No I'm not going to lie for Sunday
with Kiko Matamoro this morning I recorded
with Kiko Matamoro okay
you will have it on Sunday more or less the
same time today Okay here on this channel
we had a very
interesting chat with my friend with my friend
with your friend Kiko Hey I forgot to
ask him about you I should have
asked him Hey this guy who
contradicted you the other day on the
show what no but very Mao the man I
mean very nice very very nice
we spent a morning there Chatting
okay you will have it on Sunday Sunday
Today we are here  with the biggest of the
trick Jos How are you trib arté Big guy
physically Yeah what's up good afternoon
good guy and walk and for me the
biggest to me the numbers don't mean
anything to me the numbers are symbolic look
today I saw a thread by Joe Hunter that
talked about the subject of statistics
no because you see channels with 700,000
subscribers that have the same visits
as channels with 150,000 no yeah I've
seen that man I realized 6000 what's happening I do
n't know why but that's temporary me
here on this main channel eh There are
times when I've had very powerful videos
not the time of everything we've dealt with
Daniel Sancho eh everything we've
dealt with when Fran's sanctuary
everything about Didi too and however there are
other topics that look there's a topic
now super viral which is the one with Marifer
Centeno and Mr. doctor and I've already made two or
three videos and no it doesn't hook me man
then there are channels but doctor it seems that they
say that something I've heard something no but
I'm not very informed that you lose weight with
Bolio ink  or something like that could be
he defends that this should not be said because
Mar Claro is a graphologist who is
supposed to have an I mean that he has
studied the sciences,
pseudoscience, in reality, that through
people's handwriting he knows how to
read your personality, no. Hey, look,
you're an insecure guy but you're very
calm. Well, that pseudoscience is
relative. In Spain, there is
forensic graphology, eh. And it is used. I mean, I mean, they
can know, for example, look, I'm going to
tell you something, for example, that many
people don't know when, for example, there is a
crime in which people who are
not Spanish are involved, people who are not Spanish, for
example, imagine a crime in which it
is a couple, she is Spanish
maybe and he is
eh, German or Swedish, Portuguese, but he speaks
Spanish and they communicate through WhatsApp in
Spanish, eh, there have been crimes
in Spain in which one of them has
pretended to be the other person. Well,
even writing in Spanish, because of the way
people who have studied that
science speak, they know perfectly well if the one
speaking is the person
writing and they even tell you the
nationality of the person, I mean.  They can
tell if the person writing is a
German writing in Spanish or a
Swede writing in Spanish or is it a
serious yes sir apparently there are certain
connotations that they draw out and
indicate to it may be that
things can be discovered through writing in fact
here in Spain but here in Spain it was
called something else I think not
graphology but calligraphy or I'm going to
tell you because I know the best there is
in Spain that from here I send her
greetings her name is someone her name is Sheila
keral I have interviewed her Sheila keral
is the best eh
calligrapher How do you say because In addition
she is the one who directs I think she directed
the ELA that we brought and she is a
forensic linguist who is called
forensic linguist eh ch quer is a
Spanish forensic linguist she is a researcher such such such such
qualification interpretation
linguist she is a linguist linguistics here it is
called linguistics well but she
directs is founder and director of the
laboratory esq forensic linguistics
here linguistics but of course The thing is that
example are
calligraphy experts and all that stuff These
calligraphers calligraphers calli calligrapher
we I personally spill the beans or not I do if it
TR personally spill the beans here that it was a subject of
a letter from Rocío Jurado That if she had
written to Ortega or not and it was
found out no that you know based on
how she writes the handwriting if it's her if it's not
her yes She writes faster if she writes
by the depth too or I mean she was
nervous if she wasn't nervous if
all the letters were done on the same day and they
made the paper for us Marifer sente doesn't
tell you she's taken it further because she's
the typical one who walks around all the
morning TV shows and
so on and so on and so Of course She says that she
can can can help you lose weight
write that if you write that if you
write upwards that if you write
in blue the color blue is very
good for losing weight [ __ ] that with
writing you can Hey listen to me Go for it
write up there but I'm going to have to
write seven books like a
pig hand in hand there to
sweat that by writing you can improve
your  intestinal diseases that he's
gone crazy it reminds me of
those typical charlatans on TV who
say they can tell your future in a crystal ball, just like when you
write you forget things you
start writing you forget everything
else, well of course your
stomach doesn't hurt because you forget and speaking of
writing how's it going eh that
great book, damn well it's going very well what happens is that
promotion promotion the
people at Penguin already told me to cut back on
the promotion a bit don't do too much because
we're already out logically not So I
'm not promoting the book much it's
true that it's still selling I think it
's the second most given away in Spain the
second most given away book in Spain on
Amazon but you can't say or I mean
how many have they sold can you say yes eh
right now
I've sold approximately 1700 books, book
up book
down me right now and self-published book with hardly any promotion you know we came here Some other channel but it hasn't been promoted because I wanted to stop because of Penguin they didn't tell me Hey eh And well you already have it on  Pre-sale
everywhere, it's already in El Corte Inglés. It's
in La Casa del Libro. It's in Fenac. You
have it with Penguin. Pre-sale
everywhere, you can enter it. You enter
Daniel Sancho into Google, the whole truth and
nothing but the truth. And you'll get all
the stationery stores, all the bookstores.
And on the 30th, you'll have it
physically. In the stationery stores, in the
bookstores, even the bookstores in your
neighborhood. Go and ask for it. If they don't have it, they'll
bring it to you. And well, as for the promotions. Well, you
know we have something planned here
in Seville. I'm counting on you. We'll
talk to people about it. We'll tell
people about it. If you're capable
of promoting it, sit down without me. We'll tell
people and then we're going to
do a little thing. You're going to come
see us, not for
Trium to sign it. And I'll be next to you acting like a
clown. You have to give a talk. He's leaving, there's
a
presentation. The protagonist, the
protagonist is you. That it's your book and I'll
sign the book and they can come
take a picture with you and so on. It will be
very soon. I mean, like a couple.  of
months I think I imagine that by the beginning of
February I understand I understand that it will be for
the first of February because the book
comes out on January 30th in physical format
then it will also be put up on the bus
shelters in Madrid, that is, on the
buses in the subway, posters. I
have the blue ones I already have the posters, they
are very cool and I have my face on the
buses no no the book book I am not in
thank God listen I took the
photos for the book that LL is a
photographer I will already show you
good
dancho on the posters on the buses
then there will also be promotion on all the
social networks meta and
Google, that is YouTube and all that will be
paid for by Penguin and well
press releases interviews and all that that they
already have it, they already have it,
I no longer have it and all that as of
January 30th so let's go since we
were commenting What is true is that
anyone who wants the free book
right now, anyone who still wants the book,
the self-dictation that is on sale,
can buy it on Amazon until
January 7th when it is taken off and
the self-dictation will be gone from sale.  and now until the 30th
you can buy it or if you want it signed you
know in an email to sanol
com we are going to put the
book still not in the in the description s Yes
this one is on sale until January 7th
the self-published until the 7th now come
many King's Day gifts There will be people who
want to buy it I understand that later
Penguin Eh pengi no peng pengin peng
then they will sell it too And surely
No no they are not going to stop selling that is going to
be crazy no I mean I know youtubers
who have sold with Penguin Jordi wil
for example has already sold a few
books eh But still there will be a lot of
people who want to buy it now for
kings and it is a time Also jord from
here I have to say that it is the same
editor as
mine is the same Ah well of course Hey it has to
but apart from being the same
publisher the editor is the same I mean the
editor is the person who takes you
then the publishers there are some
people who are the ones who take you Well
the editor go There I will meet you eh
we have to make an appeal that
Jordi has to invite Trium to the
podcast eh One day because we're going to The bad thing
is that when I meet him he's going to
want to steal it from me but well we lend it we
lend it to him because when you meet him he's going to
invite you 100% I mean he brings
a lot of interesting people to throw out of the
case and [ __ ] who better than you
100% sure that he's going to invite you when he
meets you You know that very interesting things are coming
from the Daniel Sancho case
starting from this first trimester that we
still can't say and it's going to be
very interesting the thing is going to stay you
say it's not because of me they've told me that
no I hear you say something
already but I can't I can't he's
telling it you told but I I do
n't I don't get involved But well no let's see
well it's known that we have recorded a
documentary It's known that we have recorded a
documentary Well nothing I mean it's next we're
not going to we're not going to give spoilers No we can't
give details or you can
say anything It has a lot of quality that
has a lot of quality and it's very
handsome okay
eh it has many extra things not
only to  we don't but
many professional
journalists are also participating
eh And it's already recorded in all the countries
involved no no I think they're
going to give you the teaser so that
you can release it No to me, no to me No, I'm not
going to give it to me no no they haven't told me
that they're going to give it to me t they'll release it
to promote it I would swear that they
told us to release El Bueno
if they give it to me great I don't think they wo
n't give it I suppose that the
platform that releases the documentary will release it
we don't think so I think we'll hopefully don't
give it the T if they don't give it great well I
think so I think we
agreed on that eh that he gave it to us so that
we could put it here I don't know if
in a live show or if we each uploaded it
to the Channel or whatever but maybe it was a
dream come true but come on I think we'll
go Likewise if we don't
promote it we're going to
mention it when it comes out I mean yes
we'll send people they're going to be amazed I
think yes people are going to be amazed and
apart from that after more things are coming
many more things are coming I'll see
next year it's going to be very interesting
next year Hey our lives are going to
be very interesting but on a
personal level but very interesting Yes yes yes yes
yes to tell you something of what I
told you I'm going to tell you something let's
see what you think I'll tell you okay
okay
listen to me talking about books before
Juango comes in now
Juango Espina is going to come in Oh thorn thorn straight I'm
telling you I'm telling you because this morning
Juango gave a zasca to the one from
Spanish television watch out I haven't seen him
seen zasca he's with Matamor I didn't see him
Juanjo was talking to the one
the presenter was talking to
Juanjo And instead of calling him Juano I
called her Juanjo and he jumped up what did I
tell him Juanjo me too now he
said thorn thorn thorn
and he says look excuse me My name
is Juango with a g not a j that's what he
told him about Juan Gonzalo that's what he told him
the present was left out I know it's cut off
Dude, well, can you believe that I
believed his name was Juan Juan? At
first, I also wanted it to be Juanjo.
Then I found out. The first time he was called
Juanjo, eh, Lu, I found out it was Juano. I
thought it was Juanjo, but it was Juano
because of the wordplay. No, and that he
had named him that out of affection. Well,
look, good to know. The thing is, I speak very
badly, anyway, you know, I
forget names. I mean, I'm directly
disabled, no kidding, I have a little bit of it
and I have a problem with left and
right. Look, it's not that I'm
totally dyslexic, but I do have a little bit of it and, for
example, when I'm in the car,
my wife tells me where I say left, right, so I get
them mixed up and I
forget names. I mean, I
'm terrible with names. My son is left-handed, it's
not like
[Laughter]
Father, left-handed, two, no, mine, mine, left-handed, mine, left-handed,
gave. Look, it's funny, I say that
left-handed people are more intelligent than
God. I don't know. He's a
smart guy, he's already a fox.  but yes yes he
writes he writes with his
left hand it has always seemed to me
that with his left hand but of course it is the
impression that a right-handed person gives you
not being used to it but they don't
say that he has good handwriting and that they can
perfectly well have handwriting and draw well
and all that stuff that has nothing to
do with my father a painter and a draftsman and my father is
left-handed Yes my father paints and
sculpts he was not born left-handed but in those
times they forced left-handed people to write
with their right hand And then my father and because of
my right-handedness my father uses both hands it doesn't matter which one is
left or which one because they
believed that it could be cured and my father uses
both hands but he uses both hands the
same I mean my father writes the same with his
left hand that's really good man like
I say you're tired of writing with your
right hand and you write with your left
My pair Us both hands damn How good
graa but why praise boy speaking
of writing that I was watching it before
on dareol eh coming home that
Daniel Sancho eh has finished his book that he
says man it took me 80
pages and already  it's finished I don't know it will be
less 85 but controversial That's
because on the one
hand of course we are going to comment on it
because we will see what but is
the book supposed to be about the case or is it a
book that at first what
I heard was that he was making a
subsidy book that you see
Daniel Sancho's experience has to be super
interesting I get up in the morning I go to
bed at night and during the day I
spend money but anyway I don't know what
his experience is and and I was going to comment on the
crime but then the last thing
I heard the last thing I heard is
that he has made a book to negotiate
with a platform to make the series and I
understand that the platform
will not give a [ __ ] about Daniel Sanch's life and the
only thing that would matter to them would be the moment of the
crime So I understand that it will be
about the crime then they also talked
about a title they said that the book was going to be
called true cin I mean he ate his
head off cloth
eh I swear and I don't know more no I don't know that I don't
know that as they say so many
things that there comes a time when you do
n't even know  The best thing is that maybe
later we suddenly find out
that the book is about
a love story that is invented
fiction
okay no but something fictitious taking advantage of his
imaginative gifts that he has because he
has it No
but the book I understand that now he will
give it to dad so that dad will take it and and
contact the publishers but it is
complicated no no here in Spain
books have already been made about for example the
murderer of the urban guard of López
who killed with along with his partner Rosa
Peral partner of Pedro wrote a book
in prison and it is for sale but by by
by publisher Yes yes by publisher
about crime Well yes there are some
criminals who have written the book here
in Spain it has been allowed in the United
States no Yes of course allowed Yes now
another thing is that people want to
spend money not on Well yes if he publishes a
book it sells and is successful I imagine that
the profits
could be seized so that he pays what
the Rieta family has to pay that was it
uncle I told you before off camera
uncle I heard something else about the book and
something else that the father is negotiating
with Netflix that's true that that I
heard it  I read because there's a program
called El Gordo y La Flaca or something
like that, maybe I don't know if it's from
Colombia or I don't know where and they released that, I
mean it was TR days ago they said that
Rodolfo Sancho was negotiating with
Netflix a series, a movie about his
son, that program, I don't know if it's from
Colombia or Latin America but I don't know
if Jordi Martín works on the program,
yes, he was the one who brought up the Nilson thing, he was
the first to say it and then it came out
in code 4, in code 10 but he was the
first one that, man, let's see, I find it
a bit of a strange exclusion. No, because they weren't
wrong, eh. They weren't wrong, it's
true, but well, yes, it is strange, it's strange, to be
honest, also because it also says he's
not negotiating in Thailand and the
father hasn't gone to Thailand anymore, I mean, neither
the father nor the
mother. The documentary by Marta del
Castillo speaks about the brother of
yes or the documentary Castillo is a great
documentary, do you know who the producer is, do you
know who one is? Nach is one of those
who? Ah, that's going to tell you, I mean, I think it
has something to do with it, girl, but I didn't
know that  He was a producer directly,
I imagine that Let's go's brother, I don't
know, maybe he did it for free, but it
surprises me that this man does anything for free,
right? Carcaño's brother, I don't know, have you
been told that they had paid? I'll also tell you
one thing, Miguel Carcaño's brother
is free, I mean, he is not
guilty, for justice, Daniel Sancho is not the same
as
Carcaño's brother Rodolfo, but Rodolfo does negotiate
something, that's what
his son has done, I mean,
let's see, Carcaño's brother
appeared in the documentary to talk about him,
his involvement in the crime, that he
had nothing to do with it, etc., etc.,
etc. When the time comes, then
a large part of Spanish society
believes something else, those, including me personally,
that this person, at the judicial and
social level, is free, I mean, he is
acquitted of the crime of Marta del
Castillo, he cannot be
tried again, therefore he would not be
complying with any law, neither here nor in the United
States, for example, no, but
Miguel Carcaño's father, yes, because
Daniel Sancho, yes, because he would be
profiting from his son's crime  because they're
going to make a series about
Daniel Sancho's crime, do you understand what I'm
saying? Or not? I mean, it's profit for him
personally. He couldn't come out in the United
States. No, the United
States, not because of his son
here. Yes, he
gets out of jail here, and let's see
here in Spain, because not many
things are done because then people go and kidnap
or kidnap. It's not called that, I'm very
Boomer for that, but what happened, for
example, with Cuco's parents
in La Noria, I think it was. Yes, of course. What
happened, well, it's the same, but do you think that
tomorrow Miguel Carcaño gets out of
jail here and a program offers money and
interviews him? It's not
something else, it's not that they do it, but it's not
illegal. For example, with the case of
Cuco's mother, they
even canceled the La Noria program. He wasn't a
minor, but
then he was a minor, who was 15 years old.
I mean, I mean, let's see. I kid you not in
La Noria because of Cuco's mother, Cuco, 15
years old, because at 15 years old you don't have the
same knowledge of the matter, nor the same
as for me.  cuco is
one, let's see, but he was 15 years old, let's
face it, Dani Sancho is 30 and here
Dani Sancho's family is treated as if they
were such and they are being paid every time they
go to the dishes to the lawyer, to the
other, do I understand or not, a different standard in the
end a different
R has been made with the cuco's mother as if
people turned on each other and they even cancelled the
program but I have seen on
many more occasions relatives of
murderers like that recently he took the
sonsoles to father deos
Of course melanc but he didn't pay him it was for
free well no, I don't know there are many times
for example that they have paid
Carcaño's brother I don't think this
guy will participate he has participated in a lot
of reports on La Sexta he has also
left for a few places I don't think
this guy will do it for free whatever
interest he has if he would have an interest in getting
out of the picture as much as possible I do
n't know Well but in the end I'm going
to repeat the same thing
Miguel Carcaño's brother is not guilty before
justice and he is acquitted Well then
we'll see, we'll see  Let's see, man, let's see, eh,
if we have like true crime. No, if we have
a documentary on Netflix, it's also going to be
very good. Hey, we've
participated, we've made a documentary on
YouTube, we've participated in a
platform if Netfree does it, well, that would
n't surprise me because Netly
has made documentaries on almost all the
media cases, no, but on all of them and it's
going to be very good because the truth is
that they've always
done everything, it depends on what they're based on
because De Case is a terrible one, I
don't like that one, I got lost in it either, I mean, they're very bad. Netflix has good documentaries. Yes, the one about Marta de Castillo when she released Operation Water Lily about Asunta Basterra is a very good documentary. For example, now speaking of series, they made the one about Rosa Peral's Body on Fire
and Albert López and it's a
dramatized series, it's not a documentary and it's
very good, however,
Rosa Peral's tapes are a brutal mess, I mean, it's
garbage. eh, Netflix has lights and
darks within the film, it has lights and
darks, it has good documentaries, the one about
Marta del Castillo F there is
good documentaries Marta del Castillo is a very good
documentary especially the last chapter
is spectacular I
love it three quarters of the
last chapter are spectacular then
for example operation enuf by asunta
basterra is another great documentary on
hbo you have the one about Rocío bico which is another
very good documentary very very very good I mean there
are documentaries that are very
That was the one that came out on hbo it was the one about
Rosi bicon los cicos not the one that went viral
a couple of years ago buo last year I
think not around there yes what Dolores Vázquez came out talking about
yes I remember
I made a video and Antonio avid on
his channel made a video comparing it to
his case in which they blamed him in the media
because María Teresa campo made a
special to see what
they did to him with what they did with in the first place we are talking about very different things Yes but Enso but what it was but I'm not saying by the date more or less no what it was but Váquez was very strong uncle Váquez was anyway this Porto the lawyer
for Rocio bico's mother and who
still says that she is guilty
is ours  friend
Monte yes Montes keeps saying that
Montes is the lawyer of Roo Bico's mother
and he's still there involved they
are still on 13 and he keeps saying Look at the
documentary come on it doesn't keep saying it like that
directly but it is noticeable I mentioned it one
day maybe this thing about Monte that you
're telling me Maybe
we mentioned it in the video but since
I haven't gone back to pay attention to Monte for
example the lawyer of de mira who I
like ca that woman I like a lot and
about Ita in the case of Jeremy Bargas
Montes abado has I know Itaa of
course I don't [ __ ] with you because
Montes
we had it no no I was the one who put you in
contact with her because I had a
problem with Axel or I don't know what and after that it
happened with Auro that I made a
video call with her and with Auron and with
Vín between them so that they could fix their
things Ita the lawyer Ita is García
Montes I didn't know that was his lawyer
García Montes García Montes handles many
cases yes he handles a lot yes yes yes let's see he's in
the media and he's already very well esteemed
I  I talk to her and when she talks to you she
says No, she's done me a big favor.
Well, there are people who are
also from Ros Urado's family. Yes. Well, but they are
legal issues. No, here we are talking about
criminal issues, they are different things. Yes,
they are about these things, for
example, Rafael Amargo and it is an issue of
narcotics and such that is different. It's that
each thing is different, eh. No, but it is
strange because normally lawyers are
usually specialized in one thing,
their bu has a law firm and
within that firm. What happens is that he is
the visible face. When they are famous,
he appears, but he will have, I imagine, I don't know how
García Montes works, but I imagine that
for the economic department he will have a
specific lawyer, for the
criminal department, another one who will be him, I imagine, or the
son par, in other words, it will be different and what
happens, of course, a Rafael Amargo is going to get out
of jail or go to trial and he will go
with the other, the visible face is him, no,
but I imagine that it was not the same with
narcotics as with criminal law, that a lawyer
specializes in one thing, no